hello everyone I just want to talk to
you about my latest project with the
msp430 launch pad what you're seeing
right now is an LCD screen that's
displaying the local temperature that's
what that L stands for R stands for
remote that field is going to show us
the temperature that the remote unit is
measuring it's saying 10 right now but
that's a revelant because I haven't
plugged in the remote unit yet it's not
powered up yet and then below it you're
seeing time um it's saying it's midnight
right now and obviously it's not it's
it's still pretty bright outside in fact
it's a little past two so right now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead
and connect my computer to this to this
set up so that I can set the time and
how do i do that i do that by through
bluetooth the red LED you're seeing
actually is a bluetooth module it's
upside down um but um so yeah I'm going
to go ahead and connect to the bluetooth
module from my computer's already paired
and it's ready to go I'm just going to
go ahead and connect alright so now I'm
connected to it hitting this button
you'll see i'll hit it and it'll go into
the edges time mode that means this is
expecting me to tell it what time it is
so for my computer i will send it for
ASCII codes for ASCII characters I'm
sorry to tell what time it is there you
go as soon as i hit send it will appear
on the screen yep there it is um so
there you go the time is set it's
showing a temperature it's still saying
10 as I said earlier it's because it's
not connected to the remote unit it's
it's only connect to my computer so it's
not receiving a temperature data at this
point I've sent it what time it is so i
can just disconnect my computer because
because I the launchpad keeps track of
time itself it's by using its timers
which are driven by the the watch
crystal you can see right there so
that's the main unit as you can see um
and then
the other part of the arm device the
system is the remote unit which is
sitting right next to it they're not
connected with a wire it's wireless but
I guess because they're next to each
other kind of spoils the purpose of
wireless communication but so yeah
that's all that's also a bluetooth
module that's the bluetooth module of
the remote unit which which is this guy
called this guy to remote unit so i'll
go ahead and power this up so that you
can see how it transmits temperature to
the main unit I just have a 9-volt
battery here i'm going to plug into it
it's got a voltage regulator to power up
the the launchpad see if i can do this
with one hand i think i got it yep is it
slide it's lighting up and there you go
the red means when the red goes on it
goes off it means it's sending data and
I'm coming back over here and you can
see our is not 10 degrees anymore it's
it's it's 21 22 it's about the same as
local so what's going on is this guy
every second sends our temperature
information over Bluetooth through this
bluetooth antenna which is the master
bluetooth antenna and this and this
network to the to the slaves bluetooth
antenna right there and as you can see i
can be long we've time and temperatures
of the both units one other feature that
this has is a i can use it as a
voltmeter i just kind of try to make
this as a demo project i just put in try
to squeeze in pretty much everything I
knew about the launch pad into just one
project so might be useless and
purposeless but you know so pressing
this button aval um there you go now
it's in a voltmeter mode so actually
this guy right here they're supposed to
be there's the alligator clip I'm sorry
I should have set this up earlier there
it goes alright and then this is the
ground probe
there it is ok so this voltmeter now can
measure up to nine point 12 volts on the
of course nine-point Foles doesn't
directly go into the launch pad through
the trim pots the voltage dividers the
voltage gets divided obviously and so
the launch pad really calculates the the
voltage on that it's supposed to be
measuring it's pretty accurate so there
it is I'll just I'll just show you on
this 3.3 volt regulator so we're suppose
it's going to be around 3.4 because
that's the voltage it puts out but I'm
just going to go ahead and plug this in
there I don't need to use the ground
Pope in this case because the ground of
the voltage regulators already connected
to the ground of the system so I'll just
go ahead and connect it right here and
yeah you can see right there that's the
voltage reading we're getting a pretty
good voltage reading right there um I
can try to try to find the positive side
of the battery there it is and connected
here right here yeah so so yeah it's now
connected to the 9-volt battery and over
here you can see the reading of the
9-volt battery just so it's about 8.6 25
volts um thank you for watching my video
i hope you liked it i'll try to share my
circus schematics arm along with the
video um thanks again but